packages/embark-compiler/README.md, before:

## Embark Compiler module

This module abstracts the compiler interface. It exposes a plugin api to register contract extensions and how to handle them. It accepts command requests to compile and returns the aggregated compilation result.

### API

**command: `compiler:contracts`**

arguments:

* `contractFiles` - <array of embark File Objects>
* `options` - <object> config object `{isCoverage: boolean (default: false)}`

response:

* `error`
* `compiledObject` - compilation result
```
  {
    runtimeBytecode: <deployed bytecode>
    realRuntimeByteCode: <deployed bytecode without swarm hash>
    code: <bytecode>
    abiDefinition: <abi object>

    swarmHash: (optional)
    gasEstimates: (optional)
    functionHashes: (optional)
    filename: (optional) <contract relative filename>
    originalFilename: (optional) <contract real filename>
  }
```

example:

```
import { File } from 'src/lib/core/file.js';
const contractFiles = [(new File({path: "simplestorage.sol", type: "custom", resolver: (cb) => { return cb(".. contract code...") }}))];

embark.events.request("compiler:contracts", contractFiles, {}, (err, compiledObject) => {
})

```

### Plugins

This module enables the `registerCompiler` plugin API. see [documentation](https://embark.status.im/docs/plugin_reference.html#embark-registerCompiler-extension-callback-contractFiles-doneCallback)

***embark.registerCompiler***

arguments:

* `extension` - extension of the contract language (e.g `.sol`)
* response callback
  * `contractFiles`: filenames matching the extension
  * `callback(error, compiledObject)`

### Dependencies

* async.eachObject

Commit message:

feat: normalize README and package.json bugs, homepage, description
Make changes by running these commands in the root of the monorepo:

**bugs**
```shell
npx lerna exec --concurrency 1 --stream -- \
    'DIRPATH=$(realpath $PWD --relative-to=$LERNA_ROOT_PATH); \
    npx json -I -f package.json -e "this.bugs=\
        \"https://github.com/embark-framework/embark/issues\""'
```

**homepage**
```shell
npx lerna exec --concurrency 1 --stream -- \
    'DIRPATH=$(realpath $PWD --relative-to=$LERNA_ROOT_PATH); \
    npx json -I -f package.json -e "this.homepage=\
        \"https://github.com/embark-framework/embark/tree/master/${DIRPATH}#readme\""'
```

Don't commit changes to private packages, with the exceptions of embark-typings
and embark-reset because those may switch from private to public, and also
because the latter will be included in `node_modules` of embark even if it is
private since embark-reset is presently a bundled dependency of embark.

Don't include the homepage and bugs fields in dapps generated from the template
packages, except for the demo. Set those dapps' description field to an empty
string.

Ensure every package (inc. private packages) has a description.

Ensure every package (inc. private packages) has a README that begins with:

```markdown
`[pkgJson.name]`
================

> [pkgJson.description]

Visit [embark.status.im](https://embark.status.im/) to get started with
[Embark](https://github.com/embark-framework/embark).
```

Don't include the README in dapps generated from the template packages, except
for the demo.

packages/embark-compiler/README.md, after:

# `embark-compiler`

> Embark compiler module

Visit [embark.status.im](https://embark.status.im/) to get started with
[Embark](https://github.com/embark-framework/embark).

This module abstracts the compiler interface. It exposes a plugin api to
register contract extensions and how to handle them. It accepts command
requests to compile and returns the aggregated compilation result.

## API

**command: `compiler:contracts`**

arguments:

* `contractFiles` - <array of embark File Objects>
* `options` - <object> config object `{isCoverage: boolean (default: false)}`

response:

* `error`
* `compiledObject` - compilation result
```
  {
    runtimeBytecode: <deployed bytecode>
    realRuntimeByteCode: <deployed bytecode without swarm hash>
    code: <bytecode>
    abiDefinition: <abi object>

    swarmHash: (optional)
    gasEstimates: (optional)
    functionHashes: (optional)
    filename: (optional) <contract relative filename>
    originalFilename: (optional) <contract real filename>
  }
```

example:

```
import { File } from 'src/lib/core/file.js';
const contractFiles = [(new File({path: "simplestorage.sol", type: "custom", resolver: (cb) => { return cb(".. contract code...") }}))];

embark.events.request("compiler:contracts", contractFiles, {}, (err, compiledObject) => {
})

```

## Plugins

This module enables the `registerCompiler` plugin API. see [documentation](https://embark.status.im/docs/plugin_reference.html#embark-registerCompiler-extension-callback-contractFiles-doneCallback)

***embark.registerCompiler***

arguments:

* `extension` - extension of the contract language (e.g `.sol`)
* response callback
  * `contractFiles`: filenames matching the extension
  * `callback(error, compiledObject)`

## Dependencies

* async.eachObject
